Yuya!
Zuzu!
I'm so glad
that you're safe.
Less chat, more run!
Uh, nice to see you too?
What's up?
It's your dad!
He's down at the docks,
Yuya, but not for long!
Uh, you saw my dad?
(Yusho)
Alexis, it's not safe
for you to go.
Please, listen to me.
I will not put one
of my students in danger.
Sorry, but I am going,
and that's final.
Oh, Alexis,
you're as stubborn as ever.
All I ask is that
when we meet Leo,
you promise to let me
do all the talking.
And I promise
you something, Yusho.
You're never getting
to Duel Academy.
You may have been able
to elude me once,
but now, you're mine!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Sylvio)
You slow pokes!
We just missed 'em!
My dad is really on that ship?
Yeah.
I'm so sorry, Yuya.
We can't give up that easy!
Where are you going?
(Yuya)
To find another boat!
A yacht would do.
All right, Gong's gonna
go check out the marina.
You jet over to the jetty
and see what you see.
(ship horn blowing)
If it's a duel
that you want,
it's a duel that
you'll get, Dennis!
Oh, I do want a duel,
just not with you.
Huh?
So, Teach, tell me.
You up for putting your razzle
against my dazzle?
Zip it, red.
Huh?
Kite!
What a surprise!
What are you
doing here?
I did a little dimension hopping
to help free a friend.
Is that so?
I didn't think someone
like you had friends.
Guess the brooding
loner thing's still in.
The Professor is holding
Lulu hostage.
You're gonna tell me
where he's keeping her.
But I kinda hope you won't,
because I'd love
to duel it out of you.
Duel it out of me?
You're a regular
laugh riot!
I guess the only thing
Duel Academy
didn't take away from you
was your sense of humor.
Funny, but I wonder
if you'll be laughing
after I tell you Duel Academy
is starting to doubt
the Professor
and his plan.
Even your leader Aster Phoenix
joined our side.
Is this true?
Yeah. After getting his deck
handed to him by Yuya,
Aster pulled a 180
on Duel Academy.
Yuya sure knows
how to put on a show.
(chuckles)
He even got me to cool it
a couple of degrees.
But I'm thinking
that right now,
it's time to heat
things up again!
Whatever.
I can't believe Aster
actually joined your side
because of Yuya's lame‐taining.
How pathetic.
Yuya... huh.
Now then, Kite,
enough with all this chit‐chat.
Let's get to dueling.
After all, schooling you
in front of our teacher
will be so much fun!
Come to think of it,
why stop there?
I think I'll make
a point of embarrassing you
in front of each and every
passenger on this ship!
I'm going to put on
a duel‐stravaganza!
That's bad, right?
Yes.
I still don't think
Dennis knows what it means
to be a dueltainer.
Come one, come all!
Watch as I put on
a dueltaining performance
that you'll never forget!
And it won't cost you
a thing!
However, my opponent
will pay most dearly!
Hurry up now!
You won't want to miss
a thing!
This sounds good.
Ooh!
A duel!
Let's move down.
(Dennis)
Please, get off your seats
and rise to your feet,
and welcome the hero
who's no zero‐‐ me!
Dennis McField!
And now, let's shed some light
on the villainous Kite!
Quit messing around.
Let's just duel.
I don't understand, Kite.
You're pal Yuya's
all about this stuff.
If it's 'cause
I called you villain,
I could change it to heel
or maybe scoundrel?
Enough jibber jabber!
Fine, on with the show!
(together)
Let's duel!
I'd let you go first,
but this crowd
deserves a big opener!
So I'm going
to give them one,
with a Pendulum Summon!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale Two
Performage Bubble Gardna
and Scale Five Performage
Candy Crafter!
Now, I can summon monsters
between Level Three and Four
all at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
First up
is Performage Hat Tricker.
Then the red hot performer
Performage Flame Eater!
With two Level Four monsters,
he can Xyz Summon!
But ladies and gentlemen
don't you bat an eye,
because before you know it,
these two will be gone, bye‐bye!
Now, watch as I overlay
these two monsters
and build the Overlay Network!
Direct your eyes to the skies,
as I present to you
a swinging star performer!
Here he comes!
I Xyz Summon,
Performage Trapeze Magician!
(crowd gasping)
Wow!
I think that'll do
for my turn,
which means it's your time
to shine, Kite,
unless you have
stage fright.
You'd like that.
But I don't scare
that easily.
Since you have
an Xyz Monster,
then I'm allowed
to summon this.
So set your sights
on my Cipher Twin Raptor!
But I'm not done just yet.
There's more.
Much more.
Next I summon
Cipher Wing!
And by tributing
my Cipher Wing,
its special ability increases
my Raptor's Level by four.
Whenever I'm Xyz Summoning,
Cipher Twin Raptor
counts as two Monsters.
So with these two, I build
the Overlay Network!
Now, by way
of the cosmic energies
that make up our galaxy,
I'll make something
just as mighty.
I Xyz Summon
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
Ooh, nice!
A ferocious dragon
is just what a villain
would use
against my poor
acrobatic hero.
You ever think of taking up
my line of work?
I'll let you
be my opening act!
Work your way to partner.
Imagine the box office!
But 90‐10 split for me.
Let's get on
with the show,
'cause this next move's
a real blockbuster!
I now use one of
Cipher Dragon's Overlay Units
to activate
its special ability!
Cipher Subjection!
(roars)
I gain control
of your Trapeze Magician...
and transform it
into a Galaxy‐Eyes!
Wow!
Great plot twist!
I didn't see that one coming.
But since you took my monster,
you have nothing to attack.
(gasps)
Unless you plan
on attacking moi!
Exactly.
Galaxy‐Eyes,
let's do this!
Unleash your fury!
Cipher Stream
of Destruction!
So predictable.
You've played
right into my hands!
Thanks to your attack,
I can now summon
Performage String Figure!
He's gonna give me
a hand with this.
(laughs maniacally)
(crowd gasping)
Tres magnifique!
Not only did String Figure
bring some flash to our clash,
but he gets to stick around
for the fireworks!
Sweet, right?
Well, things are about
to get even sweeter,
because I'm activating
Candy Crafter's Pendulum ability
which gives me
1,000 life points!
(singing)
(growls)
Candy Crafter can only
give me those sweet treats
because I have a Performage
monster on my field.
So thanks
a whole bunch, Kite!
Because if you attacked
my Trapeze Magician
rather than taking
control of it,
I would have
taken more damage
instead of gaining
life points.
I'm the one
who's got the candy,
but it looks like
the crowd's the ones
who are eating it up!
I place a card facedown
and end my turn, which means
now Cipher Dragon's
ability comes to a close,
and control
of Trapeze Magician
returns to you.
You really almost
had me there, Kite!
I'd say your strategies
are two‐dimensional,
but I haven't even
turned you into a card yet.
But I have all the pieces
in place to do so,
and our teacher
has a front row view!
(chuckles)
Here I go!
First up, I summon
Performage Damage Juggler!
(chuckles)
And now, I'll activate
Performage String Figure's
ability!
With it, I can fuse
monsters together
without having
to use Polymerization!
So, without further ado,
Damage Juggler
and String Figure...
let your magic and majesty mix,
mingle, merge and become one!
One with the power
to both delight and destroy!
I Fusion Summon!
Performage Trapeze Witch!
This tandem of high flyers
are gonna swing me to victory!!
Next I'll use an Overlay Unit
to activate Trapeze Magician 's
special ability!
And this ability
is not all smoke and mirrors.
You see, it allows
Trapeze Magician
to attack two times
in one turn!
Of course, since my dragon
is stronger
than Trapeze Magician,
you'd lose those battles.
So I have to assume
the witch you just played
has an ability‐‐
one that gives you
the clear edge.
Exactly right!
I sure can't sneak
anything past you!
So let me guess,
you have something
all set to offset this, right?
You better believe I do.
I'm activating the trap card
Cipher Deterrent,
so now my dragon
can't be destroyed this turn.
And after a battle,
its attack points are doubled!
Ahh!
I sure didn't see that coming!
Actually, if we're being
completely honest,
I totally did.
In fact, I've got all
the deets on your deck, Kite.
You lie.
It's the truth.
See, back at Duel Academy
we have the best database
in this or any dimension,
and it's got info
on duelists from everywhere‐‐
duelists like you, Kite.
So I did my research
and memorized
each and every one
of your duel tactics.
(growls)
In other words,
I know every move
you can possibly make!
And because I do,
there's no way you can
out‐strategize me!
I use Trapeze Magician's
last Overlay Unit!
So now his high‐flying partner
can swing way high in the sky
and attack twice!
And it's going to make
for a swing‐tacular show!
Trapeze Magician,
swing your size 16s
into Galaxy‐Eyes!
Ya‐ha!
And Trapeze Force Witch
lends a helping hand
by lowering the attack points
of Galaxy‐Eyes
by 600!
But due to Cipher Deterrent,
nothing you do can destroy
my Galaxy‐Eyes!
But you still take damage.
Granted, it's only 100 points,
but that number will grow,
especially when
Trapeze Magician
attacks you for a second time!
Ya‐ha‐ha!
Throw him harder this time
so that Galaxy‐Eyes
loses even more attack points!
(roars)
Oh, no, Kite's poor monster
keeps getting
weaker and weaker.
Since your monster is weaker,
you take more damage!
700 points, to be exact!
(wincing)
Trapeze Magician
may have finished attacking,
but now
it's Trapeze Witch's turn!
First things first!
Swing the attack points of
Galaxy‐Eyes down another 600.
Ya‐ha!
Now, Trapeze Witch,
let that Galaxy‐Eyes have it
with all your toe‐tapping might,
and kiss Kite's
life points away!
(roars)
(gasps)
(grunts)
Oh, no!
(whimpers)
(moans)
How was that for you?
Because I must admit,
it was a real day
at the circus for me!
(giggles)
That was seriously one
of my top moves ever‐‐
a big top move!
Quit clowning around
and finish your turn!
You have one attack left,
after all!
I completely understand,
just like our audience,
you can't wait
to see how this ends.
So now, on with the show!
Attack Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
But don't forget to dock it
600 attack points first!
Ah, how the mighty
have fallen.
And now,
it's your turn to fall!
(battle cries)
(groans)
Job well done!
Take a bow!
Since we've now reached
the end of the turn,
Cipher Deterrent
doubles the attack points
of Galaxy‐Eyes.
(grunting)
It's my turn.
I draw!
It's Saya's card.
With her by side,
there's absolutely nothing
that I can't do.
I think it's my turn to show you
what real entertainment is,
Dennis!
Real entertainment?
I summon forth Little Fairy!
(giggles)
Oh, my!
Little Fairy!
This can't be.
The database never said
you had that card.
I guess your database
doesn't know everything,
does it, Dennis?
What do you mean?
It doesn't know
the power of friendship
can get me out of anything,
and that's a lesson
you're about to learn
the hard way.
By sending one card
in my hand to the graveyard,
Little Fairy
gains a Level.
So I discard Cipher Etranger
to raise her to Level Four!
And when Cipher Etranger
is sent to the graveyard,
I can add one
Rank‐Up‐Magic card to my hand.
And I'm not gonna waste
any time in activating it!
So, go!
Rank‐Up‐Magic Cipher Ascension!
Say farewell to Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon
and hello to a monster
of even greater galactic power!
Go! Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Now, bear witness, as the same
fantastic powers
that forged the universe
forge this most mighty creature!
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roars)
Amazing!
Incredible!
(gasps)
And Rank‐Up‐Magic
Cipher Ascension
gives my Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon
500 extra attack points!
(crowd gasping)
(man)
That thing packs a punch!
(woman)
I've never seen
a monster so powerful!
Now comes the fun part.
I use all of Neo Galaxy‐Eyes'
Overlay Units
to activate
its special ability!
Cipher Super Subjection!
This time, I steal
all your monsters,
and transform them
into Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon!
(crowd cheering)
While I appreciate you
getting the crowd riled up,
the truth is, there's really
nothing to applaud.
Because you must remember,
I analyzed all your cards
in Duel Academy's database,
and I know the monsters
you stole from me
aren't allowed to attack me.
And your two remaining monsters
that can attack me?
I can use my Bubble Gardna's
Pendulum ability
to cut the damage
I take in half.
So you're saying that
even if I attack you,
you'll still have
life points left.
Exactly right.
Exactly wrong.
I'm now activating
the spell card
Cipher Interference!
Neo Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon,
attack Dennis directly!
(roars)
And this attack will be
one for the ages,
because Cipher Interference
doubles Neo Galaxy‐Eyes
Cipher Dragon's attack points!
I don't like
where this is going.
Go, Neo Galaxy‐Eyes!
Cipher Stream
of Devastation!
(gasps)
(screams)
(crowd muttering)
(one person clapping)
Huh?
(crowd begins applauding)
(woman)
Bravo!
(man)
Amazing!
(woman 2)
What a show!
(man 2)
Man, I'm so lucky
I got to see this duel.
(grunts)
This can't be.
I did everything
I possibly could.
But my best just wasn't even
close to being good enough!
(Yusho)
Dennis, don't be rude.
The first rule
for a dueltainer
is to acknowledge the crowd,
especially one
that's cheering for you.
Why don't you take a bow?
You're wrong.
They're not cheering for me.
A crowd never cheers
for the loser.
Then I think you need
to listen a bit more closely.
(crowd cheering)
Huh?
You see, a true dueltainer
doesn't focus
on winning the duel.
A true dueltainer focuses
on winning the crowd
and making them smile.
You and Kite both did,
and that's what makes
for a great show.
(cheers and applause)
Now then, Dennis, join us.
Join our side and we can
fix Duel Academy together.
Bring smiles to the world
instead of fear,
as a true dueltainer.
There's still time to change.
There's not.
All the things I've done
and friends I've betrayed,
there's no coming back
from that.
Dennis...
Stay back!
Listen, Kite,
I know where Lulu is,
And a girl who looks
just like her, named Rin.
Hey, that's who Yugo
was looking for!
There are two huge towers
at Duel Academy.
You can't miss it.
Rin is in the east tower,
Lulu's in the west.
(gasps lightly)
If the Professor knew
I told you that,
he'd have me walking
a tightrope with no net!
But I would never
forgive myself
had I kept it from you.
'Cause when you're in
the business of dueltaining
it's all about
leaving the crowd
with a smile on their face.
Many thanks
for everything, Teach.
I really hope you enjoyed
the show.
Dennis, don't do this!
(Yusho and Alexis gasp)
And now, it's time
for my swan song,
the grand finale,
the final curtain.
In other words,
goodbye, everyone!
No, don't!
Dennis!
No!
Until next time!
(seagulls cawing)
Anyone have any luck?
Gong sure didn't.
Same with me‐‐ nothing.
There's not a captain
in sight!
I'm afraid we're just
gonna have to face it.
We're completely landlocked.
(woman)
Don't be so sure.
Wait a minute.
Is that...?
Celina!
Heard you need a boat!
Well, I'm lookin' for a crew!